# Contributor License Agreement
This contributor license agreement ("Agreement") describes a contract 
between You and HTC Corporation and its affiliates ("HTC") for Your 
present and future Contribution (as defined below) in this project (e.g. 
submit an issue or a pull request). Please read it carefully before 
submitting Your Contribution to the project. By submitting Your 
Contribution, You accept this license. If You do not agree to the terms 
of this Agreement, please do not submit Your Contribution to this project.

This version of the Agreement allows a corporate entity ("Corporation") 
to submit Contribution to HTC, to authorize Contribution submitted by 
its designated employees to HTC, and to grant a license thereto.

## 1. Definition
"Contribution" means the code, documentation or any original work of 
authorship that is submitted by you to HTC for inclusion in, or 
documentation of, the software or any products developed or managed by 
HTC ("Work").
"You" (or "Your") means with respect to the Contribution the owner or 
legal entity authorized by the owner that is making this Agreement with 
HTC. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other 
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control 
with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the 
purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or 
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether 
by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or 
more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such 
entity.

## 2. License
Except for the license granted to HTC and recipients of Work, you 
reserve all right, title and interest in and to your Contribution.
You grant HTC and its recipients a perpetual, non-exclusive, 
irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide copyright license to make, use, 
sell, reproduce, modify, publicly display and perform, distribute 
(directly and indirectly), and sublicense your Contribution, and any 
derivative works to your Contribution as part of Work.
You acknowledge and agree that based on the grant of rights under this 
Agreement, if HTC includes your Contribution in Work, HTC may license 
the Contribution under the terms of the license with respect to the Work 
between HTC and third parties.

## 3. Covenant not to Assert
You irrevocably covenants that you will not assert any of your patent 
rights against HTC for Permitted Use, where such covenant not to assert 
applies only to those patent claims that are necessarily infringed by 
your Contribution alone or by combination of your Contribution with the 
Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. For the purpose of 
this Section, "Permitted Use" means HTC’s making, having made, 
reproduction, modification, public display and performance, distribution 
or/and sublicense of your Contribution and/or any derivative works to 
your Contribution as part of Work.

## 4. HTC Right
You acknowledge that HTC is not obligated to use your Contribution as 
part of the Work and may decide include any Contribution at HTC’s sole 
discretion.

## 5. Originality of Work
You warrant and represent that each of Your Contribution is entirely 
Your original work. Should you wish to submit a suggestion or work that 
is not your original creation, you may submit it to HTC separately from 
any Contribution, explicitly identifying the complete details of its 
source and of any license or other restrictions of which you are 
personally aware.

## 6. Representations and Warranties
You warrant and represent that (1) You have the legal authority to enter 
into this Agreement; (b) if You are a corporate entity, each employee of 
the Corporation designated by You is authorized to submit Contribution 
on behalf of the Corporation; (c) each of Contribution is Your original 
creation which does not contain any third party’s software (including 
but not limited to open source software) and you have the sole and 
complete authority to grant this license to HTC; and (d) Your license to 
HTC under this Agreement does not require any permission from any third 
party and will not violate any grant of rights which you have made to 
third parties.

UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN 
THIS AGREEMENT, YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONTRIBUTION ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## 7. Notice
You agree to notify HTC of any facts or circumstances of which You 
become aware that would make the representations above inaccurate in any 
respect.


Please email us anytime with suggestions or just let us know you are 
using this utility.
vivesoftware@htc.com